and
Hi Swami Sergey Kulish and today
I will tell about acer aspire v7
super thin 15 inch ultrabooks
based on intel haswell
First, we note that the family
ultrabook raiders fuck 7 includes
models at once 2 form factors with screens
diagonal 14 15 and 6 inches which
can be performed in black gray
golden or red
format among the format 15 6-inch
ultrabook acer aspire v7 582 pi
comes in large but pretty
thin white cardboard boxes
the device is fixed by
cardboard partitions of the difficult form for
power supply has a special
separation ultrabook configuration with
integrated graphics is completed
compact 65 watts and power supply
whereas versions with discrete
graphics cards come with more powerful
and accordingly massive 90 wadded
unit except the typical set
accompanying documentation in the box
You can also find a small adapter
adapter from proprietary connector to
standards video output de garden
Ultrabook cover acer s7 completely
trimmed with sheet metal with barely noticeable
horizontal texture ola
machining with a stiff brush
silver manufacturer logo shifted
to the very edge of the lid
they are centered like this
the base case is usually made
ultrabook is made from pleasant to
touch and soft touch plastic here
find two grilles on four speakers
And also immediately several vampire phrases for
cooling systems
note also change the damage holes for
forced reboot and
optional fifth rubber foot
anti-bending pablo bottom
panels front face fully
free then the main part
connectors rendered back here
find the folding network port rj45
30 usi connector
converter port to use
which you need a complete adapter
standard hdmi video output and jack
charger on the edges of the back
the edges of the body are the exits
cooling system openings
configuration with integrated saw
involved only one of them on
right sidewall rendered combined
audio jack
card reader plug and port usb 2 0
on the left second batch of d20 and
inconspicuous ultrabook button
optical drive no touch
LCD display 2 7 is made according to the scheme without
sides at which protective glass
covers almost the entire area
screen including matrix and and edging
top of the screen can be detected
webcam with activity indicator in
bottom silver logo
Eyser maximum display angle
several sheriff saw a statistical
at the same time for mounting the display
module uses two miniature
loops integrated into the characteristic
due to the fact that
that the laptop display is somewhat shorter
steam housing itself activity indicator
available with both open and
closed lid working panel
ultrabook acer aspire vasin practically
completely trimmed with metal with the same
the nature of the treatment as the external
display side
the island keyboard is located in barely
noticeably recesses it is different
dedicated digital block
successful decision blocks of arrows and
connect it manually led
backlit
touch on without highlighted buttons
located in the center of the main
character block keyboard just
huge touch pad area
touchpad will allow you to comfortably manage
notebook interface even without
use external mouse updated
Acer aspire model Vasina stone on
energy efficient version of the intel platform
haswell particulars can be used
professors karel 340 10th core i5 4200
you
or core i7 4500 you 4 gigabytes
RAM soldered to
motherboard for remaining ships
fleet can install another module on
four or eight gigabytes
increasing the volume of the ram to a maximum of 12
gigabytes of initial class configuration
cost intel integrated graphics
hd graphics 4400
for more expensive versions provided
optionally discrete nvidia video card
geforce gt 720m or 750 m in quality
data stores can be used
ssd 128 or 256 gigabytes or more
available hard drives with capacities from 3 to 20
gigabyte up to 1 terabyte ultrabook
equipped with bluetooth 40 and alpha modules
802 g of 11b-n support technology white
let me finally have a choice of two
type of touch screens based on
normal tn + film with a resolution of 1366 on
768 points or it would be noticeable
high-quality ips-matrix with resolution
1920 by 1080 points as a result
device testing in the configuration
intel core i5 frag 200 you
intel hd graphics 4400 8 gigabyte oz u
and 500 gigabytes of hdd were received
The following results are current
benchmarks
non-removable battery life
four-cell battery capacity of 53
sometimes
presented in the following screenshots in
critical claims operation time
cruisers fuck 7 did not arise it
thin relatively light format
on ultrabook in practical metal
trim cover working panel and
soft touch soft plastic
warp basics you us main mass
back panel connectors
the most successful solution however
the user still has a couple often
used and everywhere ports on the side
facets
white glossy adapter adapter on
the landing is not very convenient to use
however, sometimes it’s better to get one
option to connect to the projector than not
get no keyboard with
backlit large touchpad performed on
fine
these controls will allow you to comfortably
typing manage interface
and users who have already managed
get used tiled windows shell
taste for sure will appreciate the touch screen
supports up to 10 simultaneous
touches in the end acer aspire v7
it is balanced among the format
ultrabook on the actual platform intel
have all that can boast
almost metal body
ergonomic backlit keyboard and
touch screen pay attention to
this model
if you are looking for an ultrabook with a big
screen and reasonable and combination
autonomy performance
for predominantly stationary work